48 modifications based on aw feedback (#50)
siamakn/temp-nomad-onboarding-workshop: docs/Module1/M1_3_NOMAD_datamodel.md

# NOMAD Data Model

NOMAD uses a *bottom-up* approach to data management. Instead of only supporting data in specific predefined formats, NOMAD processes files to extract data (and metadata) from an extendable variety of data formats.

> This approach ensures that data are converted from heterogeneous files into homogeneous, machine-actionable structured data, making them compliant with the FAIR principles. Once the data and metadata are organized and their relationships established, NOMAD enables the creation of search interfaces, APIs, visualizations, and analysis tools that can operate without dependence on specific file formats.

Reviewer: I feel that his paragraph is a repetition to what was mentioned in the previous section. 

I suggest to remove it.

## Data Structure

> NOMAD organizes data into *sections*, where each section can contain data and additional *subsections*. This hierarchical organization allows users to browse complex data similarly to browsing files and directories on a computer. Each section follows a specific definition, ensuring that all contained data and subsections have precise names, descriptions, types, shapes, and units. This structured approach not only makes it easier for users themselves to explore the data but also keeps the data and metadata consistent and interoperable, i.e., machine-readable.

Reviewer: I also think this is a repetition. However, it can be use to link to the data model. 
For example: add a sentence such as: to define the structures for data files, NOMAD adopts a data model based on an entintiy activity framework.

I would also lose the headlines.

Both the `Entity` and `Activity` base sections, inherit these four global quantities from `BaseSection`.
 

### What are Entities?

Entities are objects that persist over time while maintaining their identity. In NOMAD, the `Entity` base section is composed of the three sections `System`, `Collection`, and `Instrument`.

- `System`: Represents any material system, from atomic to device scale. It includes properties like elemental composition, which tracks the elements and their atomic fractions within the system. `CompositeSystem` and `PureSubstance` are two sections that inherit from the `System` base section.
- **Collection**: Used to group entities together, such as a batch of substrates.
- **Instrument**: Describes tools used for material processing or characterization.

### What are Activities?

Activities are actions that occur over time and depend on some entity. The `Activity` section is subclassed by `Process`, `Measurement`, `Analysis`, and `Experiment` sections. These subclasses are intended to cover all types of activities and should be used instead of inheriting directly from `Activity` base section.

> - **Process**: Represents a planned process that results in physical changes to a specified input material, such as sample preparationm or material transformation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Process**: Represents a planned process that results in physical changes to a specific material, such as sample preparation or material transformation.

```
